so a tired mom came home after work
and found that one of her kids had made
a sandwich but didn't clean up
afterwards
she walked upstairs and found the three
of them doing their homework
all of the children aaron chloe and tim
denied making a mess still the mother
could tell
who was lying who do you think is guilty
and how did she understand it
since there's butter on the right side
of the knife the person who made the
sandwich
is left-handed she has only one
left-handed kid
and that's tim it's a cold fall day
you're at home drinking hot chocolate
and watching a movie
outside four neighboring kids are
playing
lily riley tom and mark suddenly
exactly when you turn around a ball
breaks your window
and kids run away you don't know who did
it and no one confessed
later in the evening though you get a
note from lily
she didn't want to give away her friends
but being a very nice and honest girl
she also couldn't keep silent so she
gave you a note with a little hint
in the note there was just a question
mark take another look at the note
can you guess who did it
[Music]
the question mark is saying it all
question mark
so mark must be the one who threw the
ball
a king couldn't decide which of his sons
he should name his heir
he called his sons and proposed an
unusual tournament
the horses would decide there would be a
horse race
and whose horse came last would be named
king
when the race started of course no one
moved they were standing like this for
three nights and three days
until the race was postponed the sons
were thinking a lot how to solve this
problem
the next day all three of them jumped on
their horse's backs
and raced as fast as they could but the
king never changed the rules
why did they do that and what was the
solution
the suns decided to switch the horses
now each was racing
fast to make the horse of the brother
come first
right in broad daylight you find
yourself trapped in the dungeon of the
world's most famous villains
and you should leave asap behind the
first door
there's joker waiting for you the second
door will take you straight to
freddie from five nights at freddy's
behind the third door
there's a demo gorgon from stranger
things
the choice is yours
i definitely recommend using the second
door freddy is not dangerous during the
day
because he only wakes up at night
all of the money from the city's bank
was taken in the middle of the day
without anybody noticing the storage
room was found completely empty
with only a note lying on the floor
there was a number written on it
3773 the police
arrested three of the most known
criminals in the city
bell jonas and steve but they didn't
know
which one was guilty they invited a
detective to crack the hint
and he managed to do it immediately can
you guess who
if you turn the paper around the numbers
will turn into a name bell
hannah went on a business trip to a
nearby city and stayed at a hotel
she was relaxing reading a book after a
long day
when she heard a knock on the door she
opened
asking what happened the man outside got
confused and said
oh sorry for bothering you i thought it
was my room
and left hannah didn't believe it was
just a mistake
and called the security to apprehend the
man why was she so suspicious
the problem was that the guy had knocked
if he really thought it was his room
he'd try to open it with his keys
a peasant boy was caught in the king's
palace the king was very mad
and didn't want to let him go just like
that he loved all
kinds of riddles so he gave the boy a
chance to escape
he said the boy could walk out of any of
the three doors
and if he stayed safe he was free
behind the first door there were lions
that hadn't eaten in three years
behind the second door there were three
trained assassins
behind the third door there was
poisonous gas
the boy made his choice and managed to
leave which door did he walk out of
[Music]
he used the first door if lions hadn't
eaten in three years
they couldn't have survived they were
just skin and bones
a young woman julia drank a spiked tea
and left a note the note was saying i
just can't live like this anymore
and so i won't nobody's guilty
however the officer didn't think she
drank the tea willingly
he suggested that someone had staged
everything and made her do it
after a careful analysis it was
confirmed that the note was really
written by julia
still the police officer arrested the
one who was guilty
there were only three people in the
house julia's boyfriend
ian her older sister kate and her lab
partner mia
can you guess who's guilty
the first letters of each sentence come
together as ian
her boyfriend's name he must have made
her write a note to make it look like it
was her choice
but julia left a hint for the police
[Music]
a man fell off the third floor of the
building he was fine but he lost his
memory and couldn't tell what happened
someone had seen him a while ago washing
the windows
and everybody agreed it must have been
an accident
however a detective decided to check if
it was true
he walked up to the third floor opened
the window and threw down a coin
when he returned he stated that the man
didn't fall himself
but somebody pushed him out how did the
detective know
the detective opened the window it means
it had been
closed before if the man had fallen by
accident
the window would have remained open
[Music]
you're locked in a dungeon there are
three ways out
but none of them seem safe behind the
first door
there's a huge and strong guard behind
the second
there's three big and hungry dogs behind
the third door
there's two sharp spinning cog wheels
which way should you follow to get out
and stay safe
the third one the cogwheels are quite
high above the ground
so you can crawl beneath them
[Music]
you and your friend come back home very
late when everyone is
already asleep nobody knew that you were
outside
and nobody should there's a code on the
door that asked to type in
the rest of it your friend completely
forgot it
but if you don't type it in 10 seconds
it'll start the security alarm
can you guess what the missing numbers
are
[Music]
the combination is just a set of
two-digit numbers
10 11 12 13 14
and 15. so the other six digits are
one six one seven one
that make the remaining 16 17 and
18. james is a single father of triplet
daughters
he stayed late at work and got a call
from a friend who just saw one of his
daughters at a party
in a different neighborhood however the
friend couldn't tell
which of the daughters it was when james
came home
he asked his daughters who had been at
the party
autumn said she had been doing her
homework all evening
serena said she spent the day outside
reading
emily said she'd been playing uno james
could tell immediately who was lying
can you
emily she couldn't play uno alone
she would need a partner for that
you're lost in a deep forest it's
getting dark
and you have to get out immediately
unless you want to spend the night in
the woods
luckily you come across a little shack
where a witch lives
she promises to show you a way out if
you solve her riddle
so here it is ava's mom has three
daughters
the oldest daughter's name is april the
second daughter's name is
may can you guess what's the name of the
youngest daughter
it's ava's mom so the last daughter's
name
is ava stephanie came home
after a tiring day at work she was very
excited to finally eat her favorite ice
cream after a hot bath
but when she opened the freezer the ice
cream was gone
stephanie guessed it must have been one
of her kids who ate it
she called them and asked who ate my
treat michael said
i just got home and haven't eaten
anything yet nicole said
i didn't touch your ice cream the
youngest jenny said
it wasn't me stephanie immediately
realized who was lying
can you guess
it wasn't a call she knew that her
mother talked about ice cream
even though stephanie didn't specify
what her treat was